---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
keywords: []
description: 'I have to warn you before we begin: in the tradition of musician bio pages, I have to establish some cred for myself, but there’s just no way I’m going to write this in third person. '
datePublished: '2016-05-21T23:08:11.808Z'
dateModified: '2016-05-21T23:08:01.152Z'
title: BIO
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-05-21-bio.md
authors: []
publisher: null
starred: true
url: bio/index.html
_type: Article

---
# BIO

I have to warn you before we begin: in the tradition of musician bio pages, I have to establish some cred for myself, but there's just no way I'm going to write this in third person. 

"Multi-instrumentalist" is a fluff term, and at this point, so is "producer." Too many people call themselves composers just so they can feel smart and important for three seconds, and at any rate I think separating musicians from composers is at best annoying and at worst harmful. 

When it comes to genre, it seems lots of people have some pretty confident ideas about where I belong, so you're going to have to find and ask one of them. If you're looking for a fake review with music critic language about how my sound is "ethereal" or "atmospheric" and some formulaic background story about what city I'm a "native" of, this is not the place to be. If you really want to know what I think is important about how I make music, then the rest of this is for you.

I value textures. I value time. I value the manipulation and illusion of space. I value seeking intentional and genuine expression. I value adventures. I value learning from as many different kinds of sources as possible. I value feeling vulnerable. I value feeling small compared to infinity and feeling excited by the prospect of being a member of infinity. I value wonder, and I value celebrating existence. I value seeking truth, and because of that I value joy.

I'm afraid of pain - not so much bodily or emotional, but existential pain, pain that's embedded into existence without reprieve. I'm afraid that optimism might turn out to be stupid. I'm afraid that humans might turn out to be too irresponsible for whatever power that is to keep giving us a piece of life to carry. I'm afraid of experiencing and continuing oppression. I'm afraid of making decisions. I'm afraid of matches and needles and spiders and caterpillars and roller coasters and computer crashes. 

I often use irony in self-defense, but I understand that there's a limit. I respect the work of those around me and those who came before me, and I understand that in order to be productive I have to say my own things. 

I don't know how much of this will change or how soon. I'm just some kid, and that's all anyone ever is. 

I eat pickles from the jar and I can remember things that people said really well. Sometimes I make music as Noor Sullivan, and sometimes I make music as Noor Navillus. I don't have any particular criteria for picking one or the other.